"mmm much better day... so far! it's still quite early. last day of #uds"
"So great to see Oin &amp; Cynthia.  So happy.  Dinner was great, cute little place.  Too bad Oin got sick afterwards."
"@havingmysay  dude, that is my favorite sandwich place ever. ummm did you take PICTURES?"
"Need to pack for CALI CALI! Cannot waittt! Thinking a glass of wine is in order to celebrate my weekend vaca. Still work 2morrow, tho."
"took a math test today. The day before the test, the teacher says bring your calculator. Luke was confident. Teacher decided no calcs."
"omg, the concert was awesome, madrigals gave me chills on almost every piece...brooks also called up alumni, but i didnt get to go"
"I Can`t do 30 minutes of Treadmill  but done 30 minutes for today already, gonna do 20 minutes more"
"Chillin with the roomies. Can't wait for the zombie CLWN CR. Its gonna be 6-8 weeks"
"@vinylvickxen i kno i doooo!!!!!!!!!! yall partyin with out me"
"I spilled my beer all over my leg. Wasted half my beer.  Home now. I met a cute girl. Good conversation."
"english class! working on interactive orals"
"FB is boring   and i wanna sing RIGHT NOW..! *-*"
"@celldweller Must... have... new music... I won't sleep until you give us Chapter 1... I might die first though...  Hurry!"
"@PandaMayhem noooooooooooo i just look at a lot of pictures   lol lol"
"@ddlovato demi, just say hi to me and it`s enough. just replay to me please  love you so much!!!"
"@mrssunshine96 big now!!! Vanessa is going to be 3 in September, its going by so fast!  its hard cuz Im workin so much, I miss out on alot"
"good lord, just seen the agency work for our upcoming Open Day. Money for Jam"
"My little foster kittens are getting big...chubba and Winston are going 2 b missed when they get amazing homes."
"Getting ready for school - second maths test today  also its my last day of 3rd year!! Next week i will officially be in 4th year"
"Friday yay!! And a bonus, don't have to drive to Wales tonight.  Athough will miss kitten cuddles and going for a ride"
"Ok, other then my shoe, the club is cool. Its fun, and its poppin except 4 the ppl tryna dance wit me"
"@o0hemmy lol hi emmy, latin would help me study for the aptitude tests to get into grad school ;\ thats why i wanna take it"
"@UniqueMakis Awesome! Wish I could fly out to see her"
"someone take me to LA  I NEED TO SEE THE LEMON TREE"
"@hiracdelest who's the one always working now?  oh yeah, still me."
"that was an interesting show to say the least. recap tomorrow. first i must sleep. work in am."
"@Sashairene hahaha oh man please come to pomona i would love to see you everyday instead of like once a year if that"
"@wedplanworkshop . Flights already booked, plus its GGD2 1st birthday. Can't miss that ! especially as we missed GGD1"
"Are u missing ur frnds ? Hear to &quot;Manasellaam &quot; From Kulir100 Degree movie. Its amazing !!!  Nanbargale - Miss u guys !!!"
"@cha_rade oh no the economy gotcha?  sorry but so happy that you got another one in LA!  Enjoy SoCal! Ahahaay! LOL"
"so carlie came over and she fell asleep on me"
"To all my friends: Im deeply sorry i'm moving, i will miss u all so very very much!"
"@allyycase suuure"
"ah thats better snow patrol! now to be stuck indoors  still weekend coming up and fresh air excellent hope its sunny!"
"up early again  loads to do- but the suns out, hurrah!"
"@BevJack Babes it was sooo much fun!!  Thank you so much for making that happen!  Had fun with the ladies too!  Time went to fast."
"@ColeDavid had  a little family party tonight   hope it rocked"
"I miss the concert Tuesday already. I'd really like a time machine to go see it again... It was so fun..."
"hahaha yeah i see that. but he can't twitter me back"
"Watching Jay Leno's 2nd last Tonight show   I haven't gone a day without Leno in like four yearss."
"@assembled ive been there before  haha"
"i have the biggest headache right now, i washed my hair wif mum's shampoo and now it's gross  i like my shampoo way better"
"Heading home now, yay! Was going to buy a much needed bottle of wine to drink with dinner, but my wallet is MIA so no wine for me tonight"
"@captainboots  YOU'RE FAKING IT! Hahaha...I kid."
"@pourmecoffee I won my 5th grade spelling bee. Went down trailing flames on 1st word at county spelling bee  http://post.ly/geb"
"Can you believe it:Tomorrow Night will be Jay Leno's last episode of the Tonight Show  I encourage everyone to watch it and welcome Conan."
"Bought a new combo printer at costco today (officejet j4550) cause it was cheaper than ink 4 old one. #windows7 doesn't like the fax part"
"why do i have to wake up so early goddam?! 7.30 on my last day off  bummer"
"@tifftiff88 what don't be sad?  Be glad. Your 21"
"Goodmorning yall! I woke up to early"
"@SharktailYPP The red font up the top is very nice. But where did they put all the old entries?"
"@ahhrjay useless tweet! LOL jk yay!!! You're coming tmr! How long u gnna be in phils for  ?"
"I am soo happy! But frustrated at the same time!  :]  :S. Ohh noo!!! Britney is recording her new video for Radar!!!  Sooo ExxCiiTeed!!!"
"BOOYA!! Sup Tweeps!? Happy inFAMOUS day to you all, off to get it very soon. Can't wait to play, need to find some more time though"
"@TerrenceJ106 I'm up wit cha!! Just got home from da reggae club, wishin I was sexin somebody!!!"
"Is dreading going to work  BUT....its friiiiiday!! whoop!!!"
"I wanna go to DBSK oppa's Mirotic Concert in Thailand!!! I REALLY WANNA GO SO MUCHHHHH...    *burst into tears*"
"@rettema &quot;might be interested&quot; - thanks, I was: I came, I saw, I winced..  too much like Flatland http://bit.ly/12f0y"
"@sueveeyall Haha, I wish I could"
"Warwick Castle http://snurl.com/izzau Amazing!  Off to Devon for a week...no internet, no updates"
"good morning people !! in good old germany is it soooo cold"
"@sunnyphoenix there was like no1 there n tha DJ comp was hella wack... no gud DJs  but got in free so its all gud"
"wishes she would call him ...   *hc*"
"My life what a beautiful morning, i can think if no better way to ruin it than by being at work"
"wish my nicky were home too"
"hmm..Osaka. Last show today.Very sad  . i can decode ur msg ;) haha cant wait till u get 2 Sydney ;D i missed out on tickets tho :o xx"
"huhuhu still working to get new clients in motion graphics"
"Why does #googledocs do folders, instead of labels like #gmail? I kind of like labels"
"@Lara82 Yeah  He was such a good..erm...entertainment )"
"@mileycyrus I would totally take you to prom...if i hadnt already gone  sorry lol"
"@RASHIDIAN Come hang out wif meeee"
"Hmmm thinking about taking back that I feel better this morning - I think I spoke to early"
"@pyroezra i know!  i wish she would. I just wanna cuddle and sleeep in ga! And go to the world of coke"
"@carocat Nooo  But hey you're back next week! Are you moving back for good?"
"@ykesha2001 yeah, I also had to do a paper.. I only have one more final left: algebra.. &amp; I take it on my birthday!!   (june 3)"
"@_faeriequeen I just saw the Hamlet update too - excellent news... Never so good as live though"
"I can't work twitter on my phone!  we're just in bed thinking of funny stuff from last night! (L) GOOD TIMES!"
"@NMaize Lucky Rob... always gettin' the T8's from Emalon"
"Going back to Manila this evening. All my trips to Cebu are so bitin."
"@drewpeacock85 cool dude! yeah i was hoping your rate was still $2.75. lol! yeah not sure when ill mar and par for my birthday dinner."
"Morning twitties! Heading to college, just back from the docs, god I'm hungry  streching my ears again today! 10mm ;) payday I love you!"
"I have been playing skate for two hours. Now i need to get out and actually skate. But it's too late"
"@mitch_400iso Me too, she was adorable and you could tell the pressure got to her."
"@DaRealSunisaKim There's ding tai Fung here in Sydney aswell...  making me want dumplings..."
"This is one of my all-time favorite episodes/quotes from The OfficeUS only   )  http://bit.ly/ARMJ"
"I chilled in my room with my baby book missed my bro leavin  he really is cool had a stripper shirt on said I suppoort single moms! Funny"
"Sleep....take two....this better work!"
"@ACALLPRO -- yeahhh u wasnt thereeeeeeeeeee"
"@DeadMemoriesX Poor you   If I was with you right now; I would probably give you a hug ;D"
"Wow what a sunny day,  just recovering some erased files"
"is wondering where all her friends went..."
"@mangointhesky idk. The original is so great."
"Finishing Homework.  BOOO"
"Football session after this.fun"
"job centre bound. oh yay."
"@hilsatlvsonline Thanks for the tip! Unfortunately a major crash in my https site, just as ExtPlorer"
"@moneymakn1 Thats actually not that fun as you would think... I was hurting for a week after a similar experience."
"@shaundiviney 04182012154 send me one PLEASE!! I TXTD IN BUT I GOT A NEW PHONE"
"@MarkStanto why thx! #webdu I was only at the conf on Thurs"
"Aww I heard I just missed you two @logieo &amp; @egg104 !"