"Re-pinging @ghostridah14: why didn't you go to prom? BC my bf didn't like my friends"
"Hmmm. http://www.djhero.com/ is down"
"Choked on her retainers"
"@PerezHilton lady gaga tweeted about not being impressed by her video leaking just so you know"
"@raaaaaaek oh too bad! I hope it gets better. I've been having sleep issues lately too"
"I ate Something I don't know what it is... Why do I keep Telling things about food"
"On my way home n having 2 deal w underage girls drinking gin on da bus while talking bout keggers......damn i feel old"
"Damm servers still down  i need to hit 80 before all the koxpers pass me"
"I HATE CANCER. I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT."
"I need skott right now"
"just picked up her Blackberry from the middle of the street! Both she and it are crushed!"
"Why do I have the feeling I should be packing and hitting for SFO around this time of the year? I think I'm missing something..."
"Bed!!!!!... its time,..... hope i go to school tomorrow, all though i don't feel very well right now"
"@onscrn Ahh.  ... Well, I was hoping that I could learn some stuff on the way. ... Why not you and I work on separate things but also"
"why am i so tired?"
"sucks not being able to take days off of work or have the money to take the trip  so sad"
"@itsgabbith at once haha.  poor aby still gets sore!"
"@DavidCookLove ia so much! i haven't really been happy with any of cooks choices for singles."
"So i think my son might have the flu cause I def. just cleaned up a stanky puke mess  Poor pumkpin"
"...and all woman who transfer their first impressions (sexual/maternal) onto a less 'threatening' man -- are themselves as weak as 'Him'"
"Bitten to blood by my cat, on my way for a rabies bacterin. Seems 7 shots for 2 months. Never wash my cats at home again, they hate water"
"is sad that shin ae got married...and it wasn't to alex"
"@shondarhimes Sure you will tweet about this when you're back, but news is abuzz about TR Knight's leaving &quot;confirmed&quot; today.  Muy triste."
"goooood mooorning people... sun is out.. definitly spring now, we had our first spring hail storm, my car has dimples now.."
"fresh prince and sleepy sleeps my nightly routine  gotta go to Dmv early tmrw"
"@emmarler i am jealous of your mom talking to @taylorswift13. i want to see you all our twittering is making me miss you"
"I can't sleep...I keep thinking about the puppy I played with today"
".. I'm suppposed to be sleep. But i got some much to do. &amp; i got that one part of the song stuck in my head &quot;your a jerk (iknow)&quot;  blaahh"
"Last one month due to summer, strawberry is not availble in the Chennai markets!"
"First ever dropped call on my mobile. On a call to @Telstra no less! ( being charged for data even though I have a data pack  )"
"Oh no one minute too late! Oh well"
"ahh! big scary bug flying around my room!!!!!"
"is up with a nasty cough i cant be sick i have a huge weekend ahead of me"
"@poinktoinkdoink He died.  Wait, what about Magic Jack? I just read it."
"$#@! My nose stud fell out and I can't find it  Looks like I'll have to head into Amsterdam today and get a new one"
"I cant sleep, but im too sore to move"
"Achieving a new appreciation on how a xml build script can really be painful and cumbersome"
"@omfgiselle i cant do anything"
"My head hurts so bad I could scream!"
"i just go up and IM SO TIRED and my airmatras is broken somewhere and now im in even more pain"
"New work wellness challenge not going well.  I committed to not check email between 10 pm and 6 am.  Failed on first day.  Twice"
"New blog post: [Blog] auto insuran...: I just found that my auto insurance policy had been expired. ( I am too careless  ...) .. Meanw ..."
"oh men!!!!!!......I really can't see my face........c'mon guys!!!"
"I'm showing my age. Renewed my tags last week, went down $20. Got my insurance renewal email today, went down $100. I don't wanna be old"
"my sole supporter is not my sole supporter"
"@Emilyyy16 urgh stop it guys"
"Up reading tabloids about other people's lives...thinking what I'm gonna do with mine when my baby leaves?"
"I got a giant splinter stuck up underneath my finger nail today at Muppets...it hurt.  But I got to go to First Aid for the first time!"
"is feeling sad... for some reason..  http://plurk.com/p/wxji3"
"@jaychuck Its so addicting, but its kind of a curse to do them at night time. Everytime i do one, i feel like making music afterwards"
"@jertronic it wont let me"
"Spent last night in A&amp;E (ER). Wife tangled wheels with Daughter &amp; hit the deck. Dislocation &amp; fracture resulted."
"@TheLastDoctor 9 days  I'm about ready to visit Torchwood and see if they've heard anything"
"Ate Mandy, please forgive me. I really am sorry. I don't wanna lose my Bff"
"why are plane tickets so expensive"
"Needs a job BADLY!!!"
"Went to Di Bella coffee roasters today and asked for a job...   The person I needed to speak to is on holiday...  #fb"
"people in my house do not know how to close doors"
"@munchkinhugs I don't like the possibility of the left side of my brain hurting because of the thing called a VP shunt and possible death"
"wants to make a music profile but i don't have money i don't know how to write music i don't know how to play an instrument and no studio"
"It's 1:15 AM, and I hear a helicopter flying over my house. That's kind of weird. In other news, my headache is back. BOOOOO."
"@__sugar oh no  i am always here ;) &lt;3"
"i think the vog is making me sicker than i think. feeling slightly achy"
"i am doing homework it sux big time maths is the worst!!!!!!"
"I downloaded the new twitterfon update thinking they were fixing the typing problem for new tweets, but no, they didn't"
"i'm sooooooooooooo confused"
"Work day 7 of 7,"
"@SuperJerry No refunds but they do retrieve accounts, takes like a week. Just hoping the thief doesn't use hacks or then it's permaban"
"not super keen on the drive home through the rain.. additional concentration required that i don't really wanna deal with"
"no transport for church  wont be making it, im crushed. Oh well, more time for assignments I suppose. My throat really hurts ..."
"@seemouserun so I tried jumping without the trampoline and its like thud* thud*  shouldn't have eaten that cookie.  http://myloc.me/1XIz"
"I have forgot the live with the Jonas Brothers on Facebook"
"I have to admit, I'm a bit bummed out that I wasn't with my friends walking today...."
"my twitter has been hacked again"
"@jmoriarty I don't even want to know WHY you know about VHEMT, but don't go - we'd miss you"
"OMG-ness it's 11:18 pm and I need to beup early to set up my garage sale it starts a 8am, wish I said 9am. I'm beat."
"Okay, so twitter suddenly changed, how do I respond to messages now"
"Decided that no matter how good my hair looks curly it doesn't justify the burn I get from the curler! My hands covered  I suck at it!"
"sprained my ankle  like really badly and tore some stuffs. it hurts! and its my birthday weekend"
"Hope I get a job cuz we need an apartment. I'm drunk &amp; miss my lil punkin  TEHE!!!"
"just got home! not wanting to read the last chaper of breaking dawn cause i dont want it to beover"
"I need to be held...  Gnite."
"Hanging out with sam, billy, and veronica. not going to school tomorrow to take sam to body shops. Dang car accidents"
"@blood_rain i wanna see her hair  hows everyone?"
"Aww...  Pray for the arroyo family everyone!"
"@wuzzyangel You never answered your DM I sent you....   I need your info..."
"Am trying to get through the pilot of the first season of friday night lights. Oh gosh  Pass the tissue..."
"I have cystic lacrimal infectection?? my eye and face are swollen and it hurts!!"
"@jose3030 I didn't think anyone caught that"
"looks like i'll never go to the zoo"
"@djvinceadams Ohh poor girl  I'll email her... I am relying on you being here in October Mr!!"
"@Moss1982 bad times?"
"@SharonHayes Thank you for the rec but that doesn't work"
"My puppy Gizmo h8s me..  haha. He still growls @ me.  I always look back @ my long pruple scar on my fingie"
"I don't know how ima work out tomorrow wit my body dis sore  ugh"
"I'm feeling this pressure in my head that always kicks in just before a nasty headache. I'm not looking forward to this."
"I'm suppose to turn in a sentence outline for my research paper within the hour online but my neck hurts."
"Lady across the way had a miscarriage, say a prayer"
"I feel so deflated. No more doggy."
"is feeling bad  just got bad news about my Mum"