"Wondering why I'm awake at 7am,writing a new song,plotting my evil secret plots muahahaha...oh damn it,not secret anymore"
"@DavidArchie &lt;3 your gonna be the first  twitter ;) cause your amazing lol. come to canada  would do anything to see you perform"
"RIP leonardo. You were a great mini fiddler crab"
"@IdleThumbs Up is out?  I didn't get the memo   It looks amazing."
"@relly1  OMG Ur alive!!! LOL  2day has gone sooo slow  I'm going insane Grrr You doing anything tonight?"
"@JessiJaeJoplin did you get them from california vintage? ahahah they have the BEST dresses, i want them but i dont have ebay"
"(@wendyisastar) @melluffsyew Umm yeah. That's probably a pretty good note to self because eeeeeewwwwwwww."
"@OooChelcyooO That's awesome! We have that this weekend too but I can't go because I'm moving this Sat.  I should be a lot of fun though"
"i should be finished.... but i'm not.  color drawing, here i come."
"@plantweb  Lettuce &amp; spinach does best in cool weather.. I live in florida..not much luck growing those.."
"@JetWolf I know I enjoy watching you two on twitter. About as entertaining as the comic.  That I miss"
"My BFF rocking Hotel California now. No @NKOTB songs!  done stay the same. What's next? Hmmm.. Careless whisper!"
"@BriannaBanshee such a dissapointment  hhaha"
"creeped it up at the ice cream social! good times. lars and the real girl, such a sad movie"
"was playing street fighter IV and Seth Raped me"
"must clear out my DVR... getting rid of it tomorrw."
"@Jukie_08 hell yeah! i missed u last nite  lol do u like my opinion?"
"i wish i was at @angelcore's burning trees and trying on dresses..."
"I just spent 2 hours playing TF2 and I don't think I'm any better at it than when I started."
"is it unny today or not? taking too long to decide haha. i wna get a tan"
"I just watched 7 pounds, maaaannnnnnnnn!"
"so much fun at the beach today!  and delicious dinner at @kimbononowowo's house!! i friggin love Mark and Josh!! I'm gonna miss them!!"
"@OXtravaganza and I was just gonna ask you if you wanted to go to CLUB Hidden House on sat night. hehe."
"@TerrenceJ106  aww-that's my last one. Roo-Oop"
"@ghozali actually I'd prefer a rum or gin but don't have have any as I've preferred them too much previously"
"@kevindavis1914 @taylorblack said no  ...she'll b @ home in 5mins to tweet u lol"
"i really want a blackberry  my sidekick is hella wack. night"
"Listening to some nice music.. I think I should go to bed now so I get nice and rested but i'll miss Russel Brand's Ponderland"
"EXPECTO PATRONUM!!! ----- nothing happens.."
"Walking to work on a gloriously sunny day. Going to be a good weekend in which I will burn as always even with suncream on  #fb"
"@joanne7964 yeah I was like oh oh oh yeah that's it but then she said no  lol bummer"
"@ThatPaigeKid haha so your having father daugter bonding time? Lol anyways I g2g work get on msn later I'll be bored  x"
"@amyypee LOL i know! i only get to read it sometimes though cos my dad always chucks it out before he gets home"
"@DoeMarley SOMEBODY ACTUALLY TOLD ME THAT!!  LOL"
"Is constantly listening to the @Jonasbrothers song Fly with Me...b/c it's the cutest song...&quot;Peter Pan &amp; Wendy turned out fine&quot;"
"@sweetavalanche lol yeah  haha. yeah, things are okay, pretty much the same. slowly sorting out everything lol. exams are coming D: haha"
"http://twitpic.com/6661g - is on her last day at METRO magazine  Ta-ta, dream job. (PS: June issue out now. Czech it out!)"
"@twebbstack nuhhhh no info on ticketek yet  Heaps excited though! I dont care how much but I hope it isn't too much.."
"Want to get my hands dirty with FubuMVC. http://bit.ly/J00ha, but the document is not yet complete"
"@Knightpkf Yay! Thank you.. Feels like ur yelling at us   LOL"
"there are # days of summervac &amp; school comes along just 2 end it &amp; the annual problem of r generation is finding a good way 2 spend it!!"
"@lesleyroy haha! nice! Have fun doll! Hopefully I'll see ya soon! I miss ur face!"
"yummy chocolate cake..wish even i got one for my b'day!!   anybody listening???"
"@SplashAdams ill be alright but the whip may not"
"@kimberly__joy i feel like red lea now"
"Five o'clock can't come any faster"
"Planning a road trip down to San Diego- With a detour into Vegas to celebrate my birthday! Too bad it's 7 wks away  I want to go now!"
"@JBFutureboy lucky kid...i so wanna see loserville  pity im in oz...."
"i didn't have fun at the club tonight, had a lot on my mind"
"@Bass_ Heading off to Poole around 4ish, @LucyKD has some serious gardening to do before we go, no Tweetdeck til Sunday evening,"
"I'm saying goodbye to Sydney for a few days, and Hello to Rapeville.... I'll miss pretty"
"This is great curl-up-in-a-ball-and-read later. I wish I had a book."
"@heyennovy haha we had balcony seats  not that great. there's a giant dragon thing that has glowing red eyes and moves its wings!"
"@theJBs @wearecutaways  We were all set to get a room last Saturday! I can't apologise enough for missing out Deccy"
"@aravindkumar Whats up today..? missed the #coffeeclub that day"
"I wanna see the Jonas Brothers in concert.."
"Why can't I see WHITE SOX players @ random bars I go to.. NOT Cubs players  waaah"
"All alone in this old house again.  Thanks for the net which keeps me alive and kicking! Whoever invented the net, i wanna kiss your hair!"
"@QueenKelso dooood! it is working! tea time later? are you working tonight?"
"@shanzer22  you're missing out, bb! i'm such a cereal nut, i think i like every kind available."
"@Banette_ good to be back! It's really late though and I just got back from scaring some people and I'm pleased but really tired"
"morning all....beautiful day...best go enjoy some sunshine before i have to go to work...unfortunately"
"@eljefe1401 oh, joy. We have the Elmo potty video too."
"leather shoes and bags are so hard to resist.."
"@StorIbook8 I see. Lol. I'll make it fun for you to follow me tomorrow...I have to go to bed now."
"I want to play parachute games."
"What a beautiful day! Going to edit Lisa Maxwell interview from her last day at The Bill now. Shame I can't see my laptop screen outside"
"@ashetler I've totally been MIA, i know  bad me"
"@DJIronik hmm....well it aint that hot in hull lol   xx"
"Just found out my kitty isn't pregnant  its a good thing though, we are going to adopt one instead"
"Working at home  Wifi not reaching the garden"
"Goin 2 eat some SMACKS 4 breakfast then getting started on my day- catch ya on the flipside- I really wish I cud go mobile-dang Bahrain"
"@Moyo88 oh no! I woke up accidentally.  how can we get you to fall asleep? Should I scare you with P2 or P3 stories? JK!"
"@jodieharsh Ahhh so Jealous!  Have a nice time and I'll see you when you get back x"
"I'm not looking forward to working over the next 8 days! Come next Sunday, I may or may not be dead"
"@sweetkisses277 Yup, 1987 lol. SWEET YEAR  haha"
"Ive finished 4th year!!! Argh Uni is going soooooo quick"
"home sweet home? i think no! huaaaa"
"TWEEEEEET! good morning twitterland! going to work at 1 so need to keep packing and cleaning this flat! move out in t minus one day"
"yay cheerleading when im sick. its gonna be a fun  night peoples"
"@jennyreyn Fail.    If you fancy a pit stop and a cuppa you know where I am!  lol"
"Ulcer the Musical! It's ulcer-rific! uls-tacular?! Stomach bleeding fun for the whole family!! (apparently even two drinks is a no no)"
"@DJstweet I know... It was just a joke... all in good fun...  some people get my humor &amp; some don't..."
"http://twitpic.com/66ltb - Finito~! Hunk Ah Hunk of Burning Love! I do believe my camera phone is stuffed. Stupid blurryness"
"@NotARichGirl everyone else get all the good stuff!!"
"@shtoofi well just remember that tmrw is another day and hopefully won't be as craptastic. sorry girrrrl"
"ready for a very busy, FUN day tomorrow! gotta keep myself busy when my lover is gone"
"Travel trade stalwart, David Steele of City Cruises marks his retirement with a Thames Cruise Party tonight - press day means I miss out"
"job hunting. yay....."
"@Janiro dammm..i thought i was on to something  lollllll"
"@simonschuster Celebrity sighting: Spongebobs here! #BEA09   LOL! Now I'm even more distraught I missed it"
"@idlemichael I will watch that at some point. Have it on hd but Stace also wants to see it in hd so waiting"
"@vickybonnett lmao! a good push up bra always makes the abs look smaller. in order to have Robbikin-esque abs.. 6 days a week working out"
"@Craziscorpio ready for the weekend! I hope the sun comes out later today tho.  Where u from?"
"@DJASAP who is @lil214....lili homie...LILI.... and i am black  75% to be exact lol"
"Good Morning. It's Friday and the start of my work week  But... Lakers are going to take the 4th W tonight. Woohoo GO LAKERS!!!!"
"just spent all day putting up a trampoline but is now too tired to use it...  it is very cool though!!"
"@mhisham hahaha tempting! but nvm la. i'm quite a klutz.  i actually fare better with my hp cam LOL"
"did U watch the spelling bee contest ? winner: Kavya Shivshankar ! Impressive performance - i had not even heared most of the words b4"
"Its already hot outside...  thank goodness my car has amazing a.c!!! cyalater!!! off to work!!!"