"It is so annoying when she starts typing on her computer in the middle of the night!"
"dammit! hulu desktop has totally screwed up my ability to talk to a particular port on one of our dev servers. so i can't watch and code"
"@ cayogial i wanted to come to BZ this summer :/ not so sure anymore... a teacher's life in the summer SUCKS"
"@mrgenius23 You win ... SIGH Rakeem"
"@soviet_star Damn, that sucks"
"@mileycyrus THIS WEBSITE GAVE ME A VIRUS! When i opened it more windows kept POPPING up"
"@IamYeTe Waraku is tasteless and expensive! Portion is so little!!!!!  re: waraku"
"@britblackbird  youstinkatrespondingtotexts!"
"don't you hate it when you finish all your work and there's still 1.25 hours left of work time"
"@melluffsyew Umm yeah. That's probably a pretty good note to self because eeeeeewwwwwwww."
"@SparkDawgMusic im doing that shit right now ... im on vacation and you got me workin"
"would wish the severe migrains would stop!!! doc's prescriptions arent working"
"@tiffalo cuz airlines are super lame."
"I'm so very tired...and have insomnia."
"I hate Bakersfield and I hate the Ports, let me go home already.  I want to start my vacation."
"I hate the new mt dew commercial..the one with a giant mosquito..it scares me and grosses me out all at the same time."
"i HATE when i see pregnant women smokinggg!!!! its sooo irresponsible n selfish! its saaad. ultimately, the baby is the one who suffers."
"Lies...lies...lies....you just cant avoid to lie about practically...EVERYTHING!"
"@lanacaitlin  hahaha well its try its so ugly"
"I hate when my bf beats da dogs. But I guess that the only way to teach these pitts."
"think i may have broke a toe at the bar tonight......thanks drunk girl for steppin all over me!!!!!"
"my roommate @tess_tickle loves to ignore me"
"@jcwentz Maths and Science were the strongest for me i think..dunno bout geography, only did like 1 day of study for 1/2 a year of work!"
"@meganmansyn Hahahaha! It's not horrible, if others were singing with I'm sure it could work. I wish I could afford my own drum set"
"aarrgghh - fu*k.....a hose has leaked water all over the new floating floor"
"@ksutt11 ohhhh thunderstorms...boo  why do they always have to make the power go out??"
"RATT ROCKED NASHVILLE TONITE..ONE THING SUCKED, NO ENCORE!  LIKE IN THE 80'S THEY STILL HAVE A FUN SHOW. PEARCY HAS THAT HOTT BAD BOY LOOK"
"I have to work in the morning while my friends get to party it up.....stupid bberry lite flashing red and I have no messages!"
"@all_is_one84 Those suck so bad."
"At Charle's with the power out. LOL! Damn SaveMart lost power and we could not buy beer."
"hates the net. ayaw bumukas ng twitter.  http://plurk.com/p/wxlxs"
"on jacksonville beach walking in the cold Ass water   but have to work in the morning   ily &lt;('-')&gt;"
"@abguerraartist  I am not a pussy! damnit!  [sending you an e-mail right now btw]"
"@juliaiiivir Hey! That's my school! I hate that place."
"plan may changes , nooooooo"
"my sister is a douchebag"
"time for tv in bed.Then spending all day catching up on studying  i hate online summer classes"
"Dang it! I REALLY look like crap!! Sigh only had 35mins to shower and 10mins to get ready"
"back at Vienna (  ), sooo tired, luggage lost, Manchester 'd been great - very good outcome from Seminar at MBS &amp; great people around ..."
"@guitar21g @jackie_hussein i have to wake up earlier than i thought.. my dad wants me to take him food at 9AM! no0o0o0o!"
"Taking back the HORRIBLE shoes my mum made me get.. urgggh. They are some nasty footwear! Problem is, I can't find any other shoes!"
"night 5 not talking to my victor  i'm so bored at night now. grrrr i hate this shit"
"gonna get off to try and catch some Z's, no more high school after tomorrow! which really sucks  i wish i didn't have to grow up!"
"Sooo.....I'm kinda o sick n tired of the bs that guys dish out  !!!!!!!!"
"i just murdered two fucking mouses!!! now i cant sleep"
"sososo bummed, like really bummed, i hate this rain, ruin my date..."
"Working late at night on a Dell notebook, Dell's quality has gone down hill, warrenty service sucks too, poor people  buy a Mac instead"
"@calvinharris make the most of pork products while you can, they've fucking stopped importing it here in dubai. bad times"
"WTF facebook just cleared out my whole survey and i was on the last q, this night gets better and better  what else is next?"
"Its weird being at the guy's house without them here. I don't like it"
"@mrskutcher  Where I live, all the small markets deliver their day-old bread to the food bank, but times are really tough, even for me"
"Doing a mass cleanout of my room before rearranging it. Just sent mother out to buy me a bin and a bookshelf since mine sucks. Bad mood"
"feeling really sick  watching the fifth element, and about to smoke a cigg. ugh i hate colds!"
"Bummed that F! F! F! broke up"
"@StonedSteve yes it was good 2 see them laught at each other,,but that poor lad asking his mum &amp; dad 2 kill him"
"@GoblinZA Can't access your site!"
"Its so Fucking hot! Damn no air conditioning."
"@hillaryhatt I never liked that boy  Jerms!"
"this sucks i'm tweetless...and i f'n hate money, why does it have to be an issue"
"dam it keeps rainin on me"
"@MissMadalena err i think they're like 15 bucks a ticket cause its 3D too. too expensive"
"Omg grr my parents left probably 15 minutes ago to belgium and typical i wake up a stupid o'clock"
"Just watched The Goode Family premiere online... And I think this may be the last episode I watch. It's pretty amazingly mediocre  pass."
"and this stupid wireless wont work downstairs"
"Change my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be N don't wealth that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~"
"Have to go to work  typical sunshine and deep sleep; stupid friday."
"@anant24121986 it is so unfair that all the good rock shows happen only in B'lore and Pune"
"almost everyone can suck my clit right about now. ive had it up to here with people fucking me over !"
"says BAD TRIP! (angry)  http://plurk.com/p/wxshi"
"omg!!! mcdonalds combo and wendys sundae = puke material"
"I really need to sort out a bird table and some feeders - the robins and blue tits are being bullied"
"But why do I have to spend it in the office"
"@MissMaryJ M Jizzle I need u to Hit me too, ugghh I'm sick of this damn phone! Like seriously!"
"@iamivanxxx That sucks to hear. I hate days like that"
"This train is so squeaky its givin me a sore head its bad enough i have to go to work!"
"@Kikirowr Downside though is that you're breaking the thread."
"The Taxi Q at Pelangi was super loooong.. and now I'm getting headaches because of the hot-cold transition"
"@WoWInsider I would be playing my old rogue but a friend took the account and could not get it back"
"rah rah. youtube isn't working again. oh great"
"@BrookeAmanda that sucks  what bout kate"
"lol my other tank/dps friend is having the same problem in a different guild.  wtf is wrong with this server?"
"my hsbc savings apy dropped to 1.55%. sort of feeling like pulling out all my money and keeping it underneath my mattress."
"damn another day at the office, the sun is bursting from the sky...and the women are eh well...back to the keyboard"
"Another Day gone by....  Have to wake up early again tomorrow"
"i'm so sick   bad throat and the WORST toothache.  good thing i work in a pharmacy.  load me up with drugs!!"
"@avrilchan never invite"
"Gday... Do you know if NHibernate has issues with COM Interop (VB6 &lt;-&gt; .Net Wrapper &lt;-&gt; .Net+NHibernate dll)? I'm getting crazy"
"@stevecruzblog  It is so unfair, Hustlaball, US citizens working here, Personal Appearances Expectations, Prowler, can I do that there?"
"Changed my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be~~N I don't think it worthed that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~;("
"he just fully yelled @me saying dnt be so fcking stupid grow up! stop with this band shit then... throws the remote at me thnks love u2"
"@powertwitter Not a fan of the layout change of hyperlinks. I don't like the indentation and, well, I'm clicking and no link shows."
"My stomach is killing me do j can't sleep"
"@digicho I'm inclined to think it's stupid."
"Hates untalented bitches being mean to my talented friends"
"Arghhh So annoyed-yet again gone 2 starbucks &amp; given skimmed milk instead of soy milk!! I can't have milk so hav 2 throw away! Expensive"
"@markbuchholz the non-Europers managed to dump the sun here! its gonna be a hot time now!"
"This is exactly y I hate driving thru dandy - sittin at lights next to a car of asians who r callin out to me &amp; 1 held up a knife  scum!"
"@AravindJose thanks dude. Being a low level business man its hard to get normal credit cards..also our place is not listed with any bank"
"@jaysun093  yes it is. Sucks don't it"
"why the fuck am I on twitter!!!"